Create an english song inspired by the song 'Danny Returns from New York', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goldberg Variations, BWV 988: Variation 17 a 2 Clav.', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dead Man Blues', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Prelude in E Major, Op. 11, No. 9: Andantino - Remastered', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Falling Away with You', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Dandy Line - Alternate Take', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Push It', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When The Lady Smiles', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Night Train to Memphis', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stella By Starlight', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Close Your Eyes, Tonight', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Backseat Freestyle', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stand by Me', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sleep Sound In Jesus', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heaven's Plan', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take Me Home, Country Roads', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Second Hurricane (A Play Opera in Two Acts): Act II: Two Willow Hill', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Soft-Sell Conclusion', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Chain of Love', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hey Mami', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Song of India', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nutcracker Suite, Op. 71a: Danse Arabe (Arab Dance). Allegretto', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Mirror', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby, I Love Your Way', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cry Me A River', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'City Trees', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doctor Jimmy', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All By Myself - 2001 Digital Remaster', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto for Violin, Strings and Continuo in E Major, RV 269 "La primavera": II. Largo', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rite of Spring: Part I: Dances of the Young Girls', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Methamphetamine', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When the Ship Comes In', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'God Bless The U.S.A. - Re-Recorded In Stereo', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Peace in Your Mind (Peace of Mind)', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Way You Do The Things You Do', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Cheatin' Heart', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'First Place', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby C'mon', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Child Is This?', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lover Come Back To Me - Live In Los Angeles, 1954', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Killed Mr. Moonlight', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A World Without Danger', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carol - Live', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Joy Spring', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Thought About You', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'En La Cama (feat. Daddy Yankee)', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take Me Through The Night', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tiny's Tempo - Short Take 1 / Short Take 2', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moon River - Remastered', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweet Home Alabama - Edit', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song '"I'm Quitting The Band..."/(The Man That Got Away)(partial outtake) - Previously Unreleased Version', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'New Again', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Missed the Boat', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heartbreak Express', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Prayer Of The Refugee', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moanin' Low (with Teddy Wilson & His Orchestra)', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Call', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Lost It', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's a Mistake', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Twilight Zone', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Monophobia', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dalo Por Hecho', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Treasure', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Have Learned To Do Without You', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Twilight Time - BBC Dave Symonds Session', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Silent Night', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Boy Meets Girl', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Amar Matha Nato Kore Dao', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Barry Bonds', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spend The Night', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Takes Me Nowhere', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jungle Love', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dancing With Myself - EP Version', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'God Rest You Merry, Gentlemen', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blackberry Boogie', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Aasa Jaoyar Pather Dhare', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Faron Young - 2007 Remastered Version', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Live At E's', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pain 1993 (with Playboi Carti)', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Way You Look Tonight', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thriving On A Riff - New Take 1', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'West Side Story (Original Broadway Cast): Act II: Gee, Officer Krupke', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Step In the Name of Love', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lieder ohne Worte (Songs without Words), Book 2, Op. 30: No. 7 in E-Flat Major, Op. 30, No. 1', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carrying The Banner', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take Two And Pass', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Holy Mountains', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Above The Clouds', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Nothing But) Flowers - 2003 Remaster', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Well I Guess I Told You Off', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Self Care', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Wreck of the Old 97', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto Without Orchestra (Grand Sonata No. 3 in F Minor, Op. 14): I. Allegro brillante', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Billy, Don't Be A Hero', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Seven Whole Days', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Somewhere', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh My Beloved Daddy - O Mio Babbino Caro', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Amazing Grace', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This is Halloween', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tightrope', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Together - Remastered 2015', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Find U Again (feat. Camila Cabello)', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Pity Me', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Uncle Tom's Cabin', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why We Lose', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Smooth Criminal - 2012 Remaster', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Memories of You', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Day Too Late', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Free - Mood II Swing Radio Edit', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Heroics of Luke and Han', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't No Feeble Bastard', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Anniversary Waltz', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Orchestral Suite No. 3 in D Major, BWV 1068: II. Air "On a G String" (Arr. for Piano)', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who'll Be the Fool Tonight', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rockabilly Rules', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'North Of The Sunset', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fighting For Me', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Waste (Dave Matthews, solo)', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cantaloupe Island', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'West Side Story: Act I: Maria', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You) - Stereo', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Remember Me (feat. Steve Augeri)', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bring It On Home to Me', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got It Bad (And That Ain't Good)', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dream To Me', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony of Psalms (1948 Version): III. Alleluia. Laudate Dominum - Revised 1948 version', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mercenary Territory - Live at the Rainbow Theatre, London, UK, 8/2/1977', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'World Shut Your Mouth', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'City Of Blinding Lights', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Maybe It's Love This Time', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All I Need', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Note to Self', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Do You Say?', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sin Tu Amor A Duo', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She's Got Issues', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Home (feat. Michael Bublé)', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sally Can't Dance', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life of Crime', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(I'm A) Ramblin' Man', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Clear Blue Skies', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Really Didn't Mean It', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Double Dutch', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Ain't Got a Hold on Me', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Min Ton Idate', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Solitaires (feat. Travis Scott)', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take a Chance On Me - Pop! Version', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Love The Dough (feat. Jay-Z & Angela Winbush) - 2014 Remaster', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flower', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everchanging Times (Theme from Baby Boom)', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Break My Heart (12 Inch Version)', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stubborn Kind Of Fellow', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Boys' Night Out', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby Get Lost', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Ain't Gonna Be The First To Cry', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bailando - English Version', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ace Of Wands - Remastered 2005', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do What U Feel', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini, Op.43: Variation XX: Un poco più vivo', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chapel of Love', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Over The Rainbow', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Morning Little School Girl - Full Length', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What You Love You Must Love Now', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Calm Music for Baby with Relaxing Sounds of Ocean Waves', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'exile (feat. Bon Iver)', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sunday (feat. Frank Ocean)', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wasted Time', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Last Night I Dreamt That Somebody Loved Me - 2011 Remaster', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Love Amazes Me', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Move on Up - Extended Version', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lady-O - Remastered', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Feeling That We Have', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Were On My Mind', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Foggy Day - Live', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Miss Jackson (feat. LOLO)', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What People Are Made Of', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Believe in Anything', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Downstream - Live At Pavillon de Paris/1979', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Move', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nobody's Heart', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh Daddy - 2004 Remaster', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Divinity', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Someday My Prince Will Come', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Way Over In The Promised Land (131-B-2)', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On and On', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tongues & Teeth', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We Can't Go On This Way', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mat Bhool Musafir', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Next To Me', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Is Well With My Soul', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nothing Like You', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Can All Join In', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Every Mother's Son', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We're Going on a Lion Hunt', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Betcha She Don't Love You', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Monster Books and Boggarts!', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Fate Is in Your Hands', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Do You Love Someone', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dark Center Of The Universe', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sic Wit Tis', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doomsday Jesus', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hand Me Down World - Single Version', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dazed & Confused', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Am I Going Insane - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Migration', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Just Don't Know What to Do With Myself', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Music When The Lights Go Out', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Green', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Straight, No Chaser', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rock Steady', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Circle For A Landing', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down Don't Bother Me - Mono Mix', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kiko and the Lavender Moon', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am the Resurrection - Remastered', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Told Ev'ry Little Star', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Got Something On My Mind', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moody Blue', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Calling Occupants Of Interplanetary Craft (The Recognized Anthem Of World Contact Day)', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Creepin' - Remastered', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Belle of St. Mark', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony in Three Movements: III. Con moto', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get On The Good Foot - Pt.1 & 2', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Tree For My Bed', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Drive All Night', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mademoiselle Mabry - New Mix', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sin (feat. Jaden Smith)', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lights - Bassnectar Remix - Bonus Track', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Time I'm In It For Love', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shaking the Blues Away (with Percy Faith & His Orchestra)', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Guess I'm Just a Little Too Sensitive', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lost in You', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Breathe Again', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Life to Live', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scarlett In the Mist / Rhett Leaves', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Old Revolution', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All Hallow's Eve', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Message To Harry Manback', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come On In My Kitchen', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Calm', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Me?', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Worst Behavior', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wave Motion Gun', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Great King Rat - Remastered 2011', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fight The Power', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where's the Party', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Cry Joni', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who's On the Lords Side', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Not A Love Song', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Alligators All Around', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Disaster', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Stand Accused', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Do the Sum', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Gleam in Your Eye', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rock a Bye Baby with Relaxing Ocean Waves for Baby Sleep', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When Someone Wants to Leave', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Brother Jake', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Games People Play', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rainy Day Woman', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Speaking Unto Nations (Beethoven Symphony no 7 - II )', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Old MacDonald Had a Farm', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mack the Knife', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Clouds', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Batman Theme', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flight of Icarus - Live at Long Beach Arena; 1998 Remaster', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Harder They Come', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rain Song - (Live at MSG 1973) [Remaster]', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Faithful Hussar - Live', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Trooper and the Maid', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Window (feat. Lil Wayne)', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Awful Lonely', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark (Light Em Up)', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Go To My Head', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Dying Sergeant', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Truth (Helios Remix)', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Tale That Wasn't Right', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wanting Peace', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Coming Down Again - Remastered', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'More Than You Know - 1959 Version', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Somebody's Gonna Get Their Head Kicked in Tonight', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song ''Round Midnight', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Month Of Sundays', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Your Thing', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh Bess, Where's My Bess?', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Take Care Of You', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Frosty the Snowman', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Boreal Kiss Pt. 1', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up All Night', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sun And Moon - Original London Cast Recording/1989', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chopin: Impromptu No. 1 in A-Flat Major, Op. 29', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All That I Got Is You (feat. Mary J. Blige)', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Told You So', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Broadway', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's In Store for Me', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Waves', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Leave Me This Way (with Sarah Jane Morris)', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweater Weather', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There'll Be Some Changes Made', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweet Substitute', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can You Hear Me - 2016 Remaster', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Want to Talk About It - 1989 Version', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'As Long As I Live', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues - Live at Free Trade Hall, Manchester, UK - May 17, 1966', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Song For A Savior', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All I Need Is You - Live', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Song', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Always Been You', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mood Swings (feat. Lil Tjay)', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Uran Khatole Pe Ud Jaoon', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everybody But You', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Messiah, HWV 56 / Pt. 1: 1. Accompagnato: Comfort ye, My people', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'God Hates Us', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walkin' Down the Line - Witmark Demo - 1963', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Monday, Monday - Single Version', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Out of This World: I Sleep Easier Now', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ghost of Perdition', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sick of It', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Someone That You're With', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back In Your Own Backyard - Take 2', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Is The Drug', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Like To Dream About Getting Paid', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tu inolvidable sonrisa - Con banda', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'MLK - Remastered 2009', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need You Now', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If I Was', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're Gonna Need Somebody On Your Bond', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Not A Rapper (feat. Lil Baby & Yo Gotti)', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Misty Mountain Hop - Alternate Mix', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rockaway Beach - 2017 Remaster', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Second Waltz, Op. 99a', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Erase Your Social', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shout', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Growing', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dummy!', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Upside Down', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ame' Cherie', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stayin' Alive - Promo 12" Version', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If You Only Knew', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chencha Quiere A Sebastián', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Higher Than the Clouds', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When Saturday Comes - Eden Studio Sessions 16/11/1980', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Angel Of The Night', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Noah's Dove', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Living in Another World - 1997 Remaster', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Worry, Worry', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moby Dick - Remaster', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wild Flower', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Go (feat. Ne-Yo)', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tales Of Brave Ulysses', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back to the Old House - 2011 Remaster', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thank You - Remastered', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Diamond Girl', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rock 'N' Roll Stew', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Johnny - 2019 - Remaster', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Turned The Tables On Me (with Helen Ward)', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rite of Spring (Scenes of Pagan Russia in Two Parts): Games of the Rival Tribes', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'He'll Have to Go', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Thing That Should Not Be (Remastered)', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Really Got the Feeling', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Betty - Edit', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chaconne in G Minor - 1948', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With A Little Help From My Friends - Remix', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sentimental Journey', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Isle Of Islay', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Robot Soldier (Resurrection - Rescue)', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Turn It Off', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Six Days On the Road', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Shadow Of Your Smile', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Like a Baby', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Baby Got Run Over By A Steamroller', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Time Goes By', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Typical Babe', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Think It's Going to Rain Today', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Guns of Navarone (1961) Suite', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Boys Fear To Tread - Remastered 2012', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Levi Stubbs' Tears', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Booty', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Telecasters', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas Everyday', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'They Are Night Zombies!! They Are Neighbors!! They Have Come Back From the Dead!! Ahhhh!', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take The Long Way Home', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Heart Belongs to Daddy', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eclisse twist', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Christmas', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sonata in A Major, K 537', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spring - Live', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stripped', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Water Music Suite No.1 In F, HWV 348: 6. Menuet', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got My Mojo Working', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whistling Gypsy - (Live)', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Together', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tell Her This', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O-o-h Child', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sometimes I'm Happy', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Almost Cut My Hair', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 1 in C Minor, Op. 68: II. Andante sostenuto', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Know Enough About You', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In The Lap Of The Gods - Remastered 2011', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-Sharp Minor, Op. 27 No. 2 "Moonlight": III. Presto agitato', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goin' Down - Remastered Version', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Care If The Sun Don't Shine', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up the Beach', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Close Your Eyes And Remember', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Don't Mean A Thing (If It Ain't Got That Swing)', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'California Dreamin'', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Expecting to Fly', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Ain't Goin' Nowhere', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Break My Stride', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Bomber A: Closet Queen B: Bolero C: Cast Your Fate To The Wind', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Officially Missing You', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Call Me Back', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Long Will They Mourn Me?', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Droid Invasion and the Appearance of Darth Maul', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Last Time I Saw Paris', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Runnin' Home to You', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Piano Sonata No. 2, Op. 35, in B-Flat Minor: Marche funèbre', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Two Words', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thank God I'm a Country Boy', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Holes To Heaven', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oif'N Pripitchik (On the Oven)', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Blackest Day', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pictures at an Exhibition: Limoges - The Market', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Afterimage', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If You See Him / If You See Her', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen / My Dancing Day / I Wonder As I Wander', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Girl I Want You', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ms. Jackson', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Must Have That Man (with Teddy Wilson & His Orchestra)', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Althea - Live at Nassau Coliseum, May 15-16, 1980', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rocks in My Life', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Medley: Please Please Please/You've Got The Power/I Found Someone - Live At The Apollo Theater, 1962', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In My Own Dream', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stardust - Remastered 2002', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Dirt Road', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Say You Love Me, One More Time', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Years', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jitterbug Boy (Sharing A Curbstone With Chuck E. Weiss, Robert Marchese, Paul Body and The Mug and Artie)', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song '4th of July', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Counting Out Time - New Stereo Mix', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gold Dust Woman - Live 1977; 2013 Remaster', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Secret Life of Arabia - 2017 Remaster', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Multiply (feat. Juicy J)', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come See About Me', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song '18 Variations (From "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini, Op. 4")', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Please Let Me Wonder - Remastered', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lover's Spit', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Gambler', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don Quixote Op.35: XI Variation X: The Defeat of Don Quixote by the Knight of the White Moon', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Caroline Goodbye', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Follow You', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Yellow Fire', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Three More Days', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cradle Song', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Negative Approach', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Maigret Theme', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lakodalmas, Hungarian Wedding Dance for Cello and Piano', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh, Sister - Live at Boston Music Hall, Boston, MA - November 21, 1975 - Evening', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wanted Man', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Makes No Difference', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oro Se Do Bheatha Bhaile - Live at Carnegie Hall, New York, NY - November 1962', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Will Come Back', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Smoke Gets In Your Eyes', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Paraphernalia', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Is Only Sleeping - 2007 Remaster', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'WHY MUST I CRY', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Enchanted', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Praise on the Inside', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mr. Tambourine Man', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Can't He Be You - Single Version', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Give Me A Sign', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lonely in Your Nightmare - 2001 Remaster', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crying Steel Guitar', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'He Wasn't Man Enough', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Treat Her Like A Lady', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'U Don't Know', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Things That Dreams Are Made Of - 2012 Remaster', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Gonna Shave You Dry', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wisconsin Death Trip', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(They Call Me) Mr. Lucky', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dead Flowers - 2009 Mix', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'New', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Me Against the Music (feat. Madonna) - LP Version / Video Mix', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Summertime Sadness (Lana Del Rey Vs. Cedric Gervais) - Cedric Gervais Remix', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Matter What - Remastered 2010', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Song About You', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Fuckin’ Head Split', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bark at the Moon', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Only One', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Touch Myself', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Puff She Puff', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'More Justice', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do The Do', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Around The World', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Phantom Pt. II', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Can Make It If You Try', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Theme (Today)', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ready or Not', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Fellowship (From "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ")', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'April 29th, 1992 (Leary)', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life Is Just A Tire Swing', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thelo na pethano', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'And the Melody Still Lingers On (Night in Tunisia)', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ocean Of Tenderness', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Guess I'll Have To Change My Plan', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O, My Soul', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Something In The Air', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Diamond Head', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'off the table (with The Weeknd)', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chori Chori Tumse Mulaqat Huyi', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'High Tension Wire', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Merry Christmas (I Don't Want to Fight Tonight)', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song '13 Preludes, Op. 32: No. 9 in A Major: Allegro moderato', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mayberry', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If You', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Waltz in C-Sharp Minor, Op. 64, No. 2', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Off the Wall - Live from the 1981 U.S. Tour', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Red Rooster', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Hour of Not Quite Rain', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gonna Find You - 2007 Remaster', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One More Dub - Remastered', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Diamonds From Sierra Leone - Bonus Track', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Loving Her Was Easier', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'St. Elmos Fire (Man in Motion)', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Was I Thinking', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song '26 Years, 17 Days', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Have All The Flowers Gone? - Remastered', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crying In the Chapel', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kenourgia Fousta', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pop That P--sy', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Drivin' Nails In My Coffin - Single Version', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Thrill Me (Through and Through) - Remastered Version', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hold Me (feat. Tobymac)', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Years Of War', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Should've Been A Cowboy', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ill Make You Happy', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Johnny Come Lately', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wheels of Fortune', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Keep Feeling) Fascination [Improvisation]', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heaven Is A Place On Earth', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'People and Places', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Memory - Acoustic Version', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Earlybird - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Talk About Our Love (feat. Kanye West)', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eye of the Tiger - 2006 Master', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Girlfriend in a Coma - 2011 Remaster', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Scientist', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Girl On Fire (feat. Nicki Minaj) - Inferno Version', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground) - Remastered Single Version', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Just Seen A Face - Live / Remastered', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's A Blue World', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Taking A Chance On Love - Remastered 1998', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Swansea Town', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nobody Loves You (When You're Down And Out) - Remastered 2010', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Out of My Head', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Boys And Girls Like You And Me', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Dream', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hear Me Now (feat. DIAMANTE)', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hot 'N' Nasty', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Me Against the World', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Poor Butterfly - Live At Mister Kelly's, Chicago/1957', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fly', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Give It Up', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Someone to Watch Over Me', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Circle of Hands - 2017 Remastered', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I X Love - Long Version', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Someone to Watch over Me', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pickin' On Your Baby', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bring It On Home To Me / Send Me Some Lovin' - Remastered 2010', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Old Soul', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song '...And Justice for All (Remastered)', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Light', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Landing', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How To Be Yours', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Iambic Pentameter (Epistrophy)', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Here and Now', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'High (feat. Danny Brown)', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everything Evil', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bad Reputation', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fancy Dancer', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Art of Happiness', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Anything That's Rock 'n' Roll', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Bailes De Caballito', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Somebody That I Used To Know', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Son Of A Preacher Man', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Take Care Of You', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walkin' The Strings - Instrumental / 1954 Version', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Work Song', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No One Is Alone (From "Into The Woods")', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song '25 Years', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Down at) Papa Joe's', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Going Down', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's a Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood!', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Little Party Never Killed Nobody (All We Got)', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Same Old War', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What is Jazz - Part One (Types of Jazz)', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carefree Country Day', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fearless', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Somewhere Down the Road', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas In The Air! - Interlude #4', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Spirit Of Radio', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That’s All Right', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fairy Fountain', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scarborough Fair', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Means War', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doll Parts', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Life, Last Breath', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Great American Bum', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Thrill Is Gone (From Yesterday's Kiss)', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There's a Cradle In Caroline! (feat. Bix Beiderbecke & Frank Trumbauer)', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can Almost See You', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cannon Ball Blues (Take 2)', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Belong To Me - Remastered', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Magic Gift', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's Your Name', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Yea! Heavy And A Bottle Of Bread', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All For One', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Pts. 1-5)', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Miss Perfect', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doin' The Thing - Live At Village Gate Club, New York, 1961 / Remastered 2006 / Rudy Van Gelder Edition', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Treat People With Kindness', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everything To Me', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Opening - Bombing Mission', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go)', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sand in My Joints - 2006 Remastered Version', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Could You', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Young And Wasted', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Found Out About You', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Old McDonald', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stairway To The Stars', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Need Love', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Lovers' Waltz', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need Love', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Small Things', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Number of the Beast - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nothin' to Do but Today', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Roamer', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Act Nice and Gentle', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Last Night I Didn't Get to Sleep at All - Digitally Remastered 1997', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Teardrops From My Eyes', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The City', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Me Refiero A Ti', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can't Get Enough of Your Love', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moon Rocks', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She's Only Happy In The Sun', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 4 in G Major: IV. Sehr behaglich', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Playback: Alan Jay Lerner and Frederick Loewe (Bonus Track)', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Going To Hell', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Be Alright', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'High For Hours', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Nutcracker - Ballet, Op.71, Act I: No. 5 - Scene - Grandfather's Dance', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Desperately Wanting', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'See My Tears', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Edge - Remastered', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Merry Christmas Baby', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walking On The Water', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That Girl That Waits on Tables', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life Begins At The Hop - Remastered 2001', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thank You - Remastered', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Man I Love', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Guess I Showed Her', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Union of the Snake - 2010 Remaster', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'At Sundown', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Time of My Life', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Loves You', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's A Memory Like You (Doing In A Love Like This)', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hear Me Calling', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tony Chestnut', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Angels We Have Heard On High (Glee Cast Version)', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Coinleach Glas An Fhómhair - Remastered', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If You Loved Me Truly', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Gifts of Beauty and Song / Maleficent Appears / True Love Conquers All', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ramble On - Remaster', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Won't Get Fooled Again - Remix', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One For My Baby (And One More For The Road)', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lovin' Each Day', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got One for Ya'', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Air Force Ones', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Twilight Zone - Alternative Take', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lions in the Street - Live', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Estaré Contigo Cuando Triste Estés (Before The Next Teardrop Falls) - Version Original', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Calls', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Deeper Than the Holler', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Perfect Rain', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gotta Get Away', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Wind of Ages - When a Human Can be a Human', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Leper Messiah (Remastered)', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jailbreak', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Give Me Time', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Main Title (From Kiss Them for Me) (1957)', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In the Stone', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Kind of Girl', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Angel Of Death', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'GG Train', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Me Again', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Ocean - Remaster', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get It On Tonite', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Houston Solution', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Bungalow, a Piccolo, and You', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Ain't Dallas', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Love Is My Drug', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Move - Single Version', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Johnny's Gone To Hilo', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ruby Don't Take Your Love To Town', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 88 in G Major, Hob. I:88: 1. Adagio - Allegro', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When I Look In Your Eyes', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'L'Amour Looks Something Like You', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Such a Night (feat. Dr. John) - Concert Version', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cut Your Ribbon', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ruldolph, The Red Nosed Reindeer', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That's The Way I Feel About 'Cha', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Imitation of Life (1959) Whishing Star', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Simple Prays a Prayer', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Suite in D Minor (arr. A. Segovia): I. Prelude', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Another Day (Remastered)', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flowers', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Glorious', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Message From The Inner City', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Think Twice, It's Alright', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'He Arose', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goldberg Variations, BWV 988: Variation XXVIII', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Amy', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sundown Syndrome', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hands In the Sky (Big Shot)', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Robin in the Rain', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Belong o Me', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Don't Mean A Thing (If It Ain't Got That Swing)', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Now I Wanna Be a Good Boy - 2017 Remaster', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Curse', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Room Full of Mirrors', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Don't Know Me', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ill in the Head', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh Kay!: Dear Little Girl', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Needle In A Haystack', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fall Down', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Swear (To God)', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stayin' Alive', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Heart Belongs To Me - Stereo Version', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blessed Assurance', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Set To Fail', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nosey Joe', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Quintet Plays Carmen', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Somehow, Somewhere, Someway', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Turn Around', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hoist the Colours - From "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End"/Soundtrack Version', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Close Every Door', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Babylon (feat. Kendrick Lamar)', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Me Ames (with Marc Anthony) - Tropical Remix', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'American Capitalist', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bad - Remastered 2009', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life Is A Lemon And I Want My Money Back', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'May It Be', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blind to You', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Light Up The Sky', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Saving All My Love For You', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brandenburg Concerto No. 3 in G Major, BWV 1048: I. [ ]', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jimmy Jazz - Remastered', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Wire', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Is What You Came For (feat. Rihanna)', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Is a Drug', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wait On Time', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How 'Bout Them Cowgirls', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All Dead, All Dead - Remastered 2011', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dirty Creature', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crazy Love - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dreams', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'New Orleans', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lilac Wine', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Silver and Gold', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Party Fears Two', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Shot The Sheriff - Live At The Lyceum, London, 1975', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Stay Away (Till Love Grows Cold)', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bad Boys Running Wild', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Flash', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Zoo', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Music Is My Sanctuary', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why I Love You So Much', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hardly Getting over It', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Never Gonna Give You Up', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why'd Ya Make Me Fall In Love?', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Shot at Glory', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lonesome Road Blues', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mountain High, Valley Low', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sherry Fraser', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song '"I'm Quitting The Band..."/(The Man That Got Away)(partial outtake) - Previously Unreleased Version', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Been Riding With the Ghost', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life's Gone Down Low', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bridge Burning', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Dreaming Moon', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nothin' to Do but Today', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tightrope', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spirit Of The Boogie', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Living Through Another Cuba - 2001 Remaster', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shake Your Groove Thing', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Like a Virgin - Extended Dance Remix', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Man in the Mirror', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All I Need', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Could I Have This Dance - Remastered 1994', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life in Technicolor', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Still in the Groove', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hun To Thooloni Dali', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Looking At The Front Door', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cold Highway', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do You Love Me Still?', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Licence To Kill', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Acid Raindrops', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doesn't Anything Last - Acoustic Duet; 2013 Remaster', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carrying the Banner', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bad Breath', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Fall In Love', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Leave', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am A Scientist', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Do Need You', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Swamp - Live', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rabbit One', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can Understand It', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good For Me', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Girl's Around The World - Radio Version', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Boy Blues (Instrumental)', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Guess I'll Hang My Tears Out To Dry - 2018 Stereo Mix', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'GRoCERIES', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stand By Me Father', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good To The Last Bop', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Pad - Remastered 2001', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Throw Away Your Gun - 1991 Digital Remaster', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crawling Back to You', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Afterimage', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am the God That Healeth Thee', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song ''Till The Rivers All Run Dry', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Kind Of Magic - Remastered 2011', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hell (feat. Santigold)', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Small Town Talk', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Short Circuit', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nasheid El Gamea', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Here Come the People in Grey', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Real Cool Time', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Una Noche Mas', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Poor Little Rich Boy', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Place Like Home', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chillin', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shoot Your Shot - Live', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tonight I Climbed the Wall', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Child's Gift of Love', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Ain't Going Nowhere', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kissing Is a Crime', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Put A Spell On You', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Girl Is Mine (with Paul McCartney)', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Battle of New Orleans', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nervous In The Alley', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Loves I've Known', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do It - Single Edit', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One More Time', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kind Hearted Woman Blues', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gumboots (with Boyoyo Boys)', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Reinventing Your Exit', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sleigh Ride (with Paula Kelly)', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eddie You Should Know Better', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Out-A-Touch', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shoot to Thrill', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tonight', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eleanor Rigby', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto in A Minor for Violin and Cello, Op. 102: III. Vivace non troppo', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Are You Doing New Year's Eve?', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Great Compromise', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Beating Heart Baby', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Planet of Women', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Words As Weapons', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hungarian Rhapsodies, S. 244: No. 13 in A Minor', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Watkins Production', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lightfoot', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On the Town: Act I: Dance - Times Square', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Waking up Slow - Piano Version', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Sound of Music - Reprise', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Firebird - Suite (1919): 5. Infernal Dance of King Kaschei', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Silver Springs - Live on PBS in Boston 2004', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Birds Pt. 1', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Man I'll Never Be', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Creepin' (Solo)', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby!', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Does Love Have To Change', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cat Piss (feat. Lil Yachty)', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(I'm A) Stand by My Woman Man', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Go to My Head', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concrete Schoolyard', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need A Girl PT II - Album Version (Edited)', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto for Strings in G Major, RV 151, "Alla Rustica": I. Presto', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Night And Day (Show Opening)', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Very Thought Of You', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Look of Love', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'String Quartet No. 16 in F Major, Op. 135: II. Vivace - 1992 Remastered', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Young At Heart (with Mitchell Ayres & His Orchestra)', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Not a Fashion Statement, It's a Deathwish', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bend Down Low', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cosmopolitan Blood Loss', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Every Night', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Games of Magic', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hob Nail Special', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sithaye Ye Sithaye', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Old Man', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Make the Night a Little Longer', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life Ain't A Game', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Ain't Superstitious', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My One And Only Love', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In My Father's House', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your House', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'So Near And Yet So Far', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'California', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whenever, Wherever', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Playing with the Boys - From "Top Gun" Original Soundtrack', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blue Monday '88 - 12" Version', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eyesight To the Blind', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'P.S Fuck You Cunt (feat. Lil Peep)', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Room In The Jailhouse', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Ready', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Staying Alive', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Day In The Life - Remix', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Trying Girls Out', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh! Oh! Here He Comes', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Secret History', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Positive Reality', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Marciano (I Turned Into A Martian)', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hide Me In Thy Bosom', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Know Why I Love You', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's One of Those Nights (Yes Love)', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Time Marches On', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Not Since Nineveh', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In Case You Didn't Know', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do You Remember These?', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'To Hell With Poverty', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Too Late', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Boston Rag', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Secret Place (feat. Madison Cunningham) - Acoustic', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Are They Now', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pills N Potions', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Got Reasons to Hate You', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Six Flats Unfurnished', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Old Jim Crow - Live At Carnegie Hall, New York, 1964', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That Wonderful Sound', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Call Me The Breeze - Live At The Fox Theater/1976', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Adam Raised a Cain', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down On Me', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Big Shot (with Travis Scott)', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini, Op.43: Tema: L'istesso tempo', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Quintet in A Major for Clarinet and Strings, K. 581: II. Larghetto', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Have You Done (feat. Keith Caputo)', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How High The Moon', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh Bess, Oh Where's my Bess', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chasin' That Neon Rainbow', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do You Know How It Feels', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rock Island Line', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Amor De Unas Horas', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eye of the Beholder (Remastered)', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony in B flat, Op.18, No.2: 2. Andante', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'They All Went to Mexico', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Running With The Night', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'John Hardy', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can I Forget You?', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Uptown Girl', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'i know that my redeemer liveth', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We're Gonna Groove - Remaster', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Answer - Outtake - 1970', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wake Up Everybody (feat. Teddy Pendergrass)', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Penny Lane - Remastered 2009', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fight Song', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Stayed Too Long At The Fair', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bewitched, Bothered, Bewildered', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Won't Let You Go', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Sundown', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Songbird - Sessions, Roughs & Outtakes; 2004 Remaster', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Dope Show', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shot In The Dark', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Lover's Prayer', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song '"I'm Quitting The Band..."/(The Man That Got Away)(partial outtake) - Previously Unreleased Version', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Show Yourself', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Please Love Me - Live At The Regal Theater, Chicago, 1964', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh! What It Seemed To Be', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'La Charreada (The Charreada)', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Head Down', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cow Song', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Visions of Johanna - Take 5, Rehearsal', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 38 in D Major, K. 505, “Prague”: 2. Andante', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Lamp is Low', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mighty Quinn', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In the Flesh', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cold Love', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On a Night Like This', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Be Good to Yourself', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All You Had To Do Was Stay', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life Begins When You're In Love (with Teddy Wilson & His Orchestra)', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Got Your Hooks in Me', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Strength Through Wounding', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Grease Paint And Monkey Brains', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Grantchester Meadows', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Tore Down', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There Is No Greater Love', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Earache My Eye', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sunshine Canyon', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Along The Way', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Soldier's Tale Suite: II. Airs by a Stream', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Voices Carry - Single Mix', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whatever Will Be, Will Be (Que Sera, Sera) (with Frank DeVol & His Orchestra)', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Go To Hell, For Heaven's Sake', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Messiah, HWV 56: For Unto Us A Child Is Born - Voice', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Snowflake', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Journey to the Buffalo Killing Ground', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In The Orchard', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Into the Night', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ol' Man River (from "Showboat")', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Love to Laugh - From "Mary Poppins"/Soundtrack Version', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pattern People', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All the Way Home', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Never Stop Loving You', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'At the River', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Here's to you (feat. Joan Baez)', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Give It Up', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Envy Me', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Miracle - From “The Song Of Bernadette”', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Always Happens That Way', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Stop Loving You (Live)', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carnaval, Op. 9: 8b. Sphinxes', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In the Sun', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For Your Eyes Only - Remastered 2001', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Bring Me', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Archer', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stone the Crow', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Convo', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let the Mystery Be', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Last Child', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In My Secret Life', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Happy Barefoot Boy (From "Two for the Road")', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'After You've Gone', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Only If For A Night', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Time (feat. G-Eazy & Olivver the Kid)', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Addictive Love - Different Lifestyles Album Version', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Music & Me', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Send Me on My Way', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Stop Dancing', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Snake', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Dance - Remastered Version', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 2, Op. 9 "Antar": II. Allegro', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Really Got Me - Mono Mix', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Girl Crush', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bad Company - LMS Studio Reel 8-73 Session', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's A Man's, Man's, Man's World', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Small Town Throwdown', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take Me Out To A Dancehall', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Labelled With Love', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Doesn't Have to Be That Way', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Snap Crackle', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Passing Through', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In the Mood - 2006 Remaster', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lawyers, Guns and Money - 2007 Remaster', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Company - Original Broadway Cast: The Ladies Who Lunch', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Save The Last Dance', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Doodlin' Song - Remastered', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Maybe God Is Tryin' To Tell You Somethin' - From "The Color Purple" Soundtrack', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Prelude in E-Flat Minor, Op. 16, No. 4: Lento - Remastered', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chromatic Fantasy and Fugue in D Minor, BWV 903: II. Fugue - Remastered', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sapphire Bullets of Pure Love', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Worried Man Blues', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Its All the Way Live', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get a Little Closer', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Reaching Fourth', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'People So Stupid', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Chair', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Can't Get Enough - Schizo Mix; 2006 Remaster', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Forget It Mama', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just for a Thrill', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'River Of Pain', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 1 in C Major, Op. 21: III. Menuetto. Allegro molto e vivace', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shit Don't Stop', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Texas Flood', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get the Fuck Out', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chr. IX Honnørmarch', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ashtray Dirt', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Way You Look Tonight', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wear It Out', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Can't Have Everything', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Breaking News Intro', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Darling Come Back Home', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walkin' The Fence', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Spicy McHaggis Jig', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Three Little Words', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Prince of Peace', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Celebration Day - Alternate Mix', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Samwise the Brave', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up 'Gainst The Wall', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For Those Who Love To Live', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Check Yo Self - Remix', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'After You Came', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Romance In the Dark (with Eddie Heywood & His Orchestra) - Take 1', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Work', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'God of Wonders', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Condemnation - 2006 Remaster', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doing Alright - Remastered 2011', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Never Be The Same', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Blue Heaven', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Alone Too Long', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Red House', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Big Girls Don't Cry', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Boo - LP Radio Edit', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Days - Stereo Mix', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'About You Now', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ghost Man On Third', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Yellow Submarine', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shorty', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dancing On Glass', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cosmic Charlie - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Preludes: Op. 11, No. 16 in B-Flat Minor', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cotton Candy', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Passion Flower - Remastered - 1995', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Got Paid', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stormy Weather', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cinco De Mayo Shit Show', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Night Song', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pictures Of Matchstick Men', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Want to Wait', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Main Theme: The Addams Family - Vocal Version', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Shot Ya? - 2005 Remaster', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Looky, Looky, Yonder / Black Betty / Yellow Women's Doorbells', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Run Nancy', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Got a Crush on You (Duet with Frank Sinatra)', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Woodland Rock', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Three Little Pigs', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony in D Major: II. Larghetto cantabile', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's a Shame', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Love Her (feat. Rocko & Webbie)', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Honey', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Is Alive', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Do Really Love You', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Save the Last Dance for Me (with The Jordanaires)', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Every Breath You Take (feat. Liza Anne)', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Foolin' 'Round', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For You, For Me, For Evermore', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fool's Paradise', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Work To Make It Work', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Second Thoughts', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brand New Colony - Remastered', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Christmas Song (Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire)', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(We Don't Need This) Fascist Groove Thang - Remastered 2006', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Deer In The Headlights', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Walk Through Hell', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sorry, Blame It On Me', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Party In the CIA (Parody of "Party In The U.S.A." by Miley Cyrus)', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Slow Cheetah', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Patriot Game (with Tommy Makem) - Live at Carnegie Hall, New York, NY - March 17, 1963', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Myintrotoletuknow', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Roll 'Em', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shoot Out On The Plantation', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Easy To Remember', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dub You Haffe Dub', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Potato Head Blues', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Theme From "Valley of the Dolls"', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Use Of Time', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blame It on the Rain', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spookshow Baby', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Belong to My Heart - Solamente Una Vez', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Merry-Go-Round', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chorale Variations on the Christmas Carol "Vom Himmel hoch da komm' ich her", BWV 769: Chorale', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Want You on My Mind', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We Can Make The World Stop', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down Home Girl', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spring Is Here', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spinning Dance', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Day Together - Somewhere In Time/Soundtrack Version', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's the Use?', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Weather', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Enchanted', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ripple - 2001 Remaster', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Was A Good Day', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Living Sculptures Of Pemberley - From "Pride & Prejudice" Soundtrack', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Everlasting Guilty Crown', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're Gonna Wonder About Me', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Zone', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Iron Fist', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sink the Bismark', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Beauty School Dropout - From “Grease”', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Letters', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jackson - Live at San Quentin State Prison, San Quentin, CA - February 1969', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'And The Living Is Easy', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whatever You Like', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Exhuming McCarthy', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Smack My Bitch Up (Noisia Remix)', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got You Babe - Soundtrack Version', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pretty Girls (feat. Travie McCoy)', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Skankin' to the Beat', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rock You Like a Hurricane', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Call Me a Bitch Like It's a Bad Thing', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need You', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Backseat Driver', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Crowd', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Paper Chase', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Firth of Fifth', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can't Help Falling in Love', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'God's Song (That's Why I Love Mankind) - Remastered', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Dizzy', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Side Of The Bed', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can't Stand Losing You', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mass A Theatre Piece for Singers, Players and Dancers I: 4. Trope: "World Without End"', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When You're Smiling/The Sheik Of Araby', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Poor Side Of Town', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lesbian (feat. Gunna & Young Thug)', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Easy Living', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everyday (feat. Rod Stewart, Miguel & Mark Ronson)', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In the Woods Somewhere', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take A Look In The Mirror', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Beyond the Forest Part. 10', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take My Heart', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Reflections in the Water', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lost in the Flood', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Love Song', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am You', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't It The Same', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Lock The Door (And Throw Away The Key)', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Was A Very Good Year (Mono)', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flashback', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Suite in A Minor, BWV 818: Allemande', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everything Must Change', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Georgia On My Mind (with Eddie Heywood & His Orchestra) - Take 2', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bitch Better Have My Money', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back Off Ringcraft', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ravenal Is Gone', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Look Away', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Love Is Driving Me Crazy', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lo Hwanthe Tchi', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Sound of Music (1959): Climb Ev'ry Mountain - Voice', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fool #1', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dexter's Riff', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Breezin' Along With The Breeze', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hard Times (No One Knows Better Than I)', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Partita No. 2 in C Minor, BWV 826: II. Allemande - Remastered', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stravinsky: Le sacre du printemps (The Rite of Spring): Le sacre du printemps: The Adoration of the Earth: Dance of the Earth', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cakes for Crabbe and Goyle', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Give Me One Reason', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chattahoochee - Extended Mix', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If I Could Be With You (One Hour Tonight)', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Strange Boy', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One For My Baby - Mono/Test Track/June 24, 1958', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gimme A Little Kiss (Will Ya, Huh?)', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Slowes' Comb/The May 4th Movement Starring Doodlebug', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Piano Concerto No. 27 in B-Flat Major, K. 595: I. Allegro', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Seen That Movie Too - Remastered 2014', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lay It All Down', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fast in My Car', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shopping for Clothes - Live', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wanna Be a Rock 'n' Roll Star', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Care', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shoulda Named It After Me', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All I Want Is You', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Reflection - 2006 Remaster', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She's Mine', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Put On Your Old Brown Shoes', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Running From The Rain', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dancing In The Dark', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down Don't Bother Me', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Goes On', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get to You', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bath', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Bee Song - 1938 Recording', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rounder's Mood', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On the Road Again - Live', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tell Him', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Applause; Transition Back to Goodman Orchestra - Live', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Strange Things Will Happen', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Water Music: Suite No. 2 in D Major, HWV 349, I. Allegro', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For Those About to Rock (We Salute You)', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blue Is the Night', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Not Tonight', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Quicksilver Daydreams Of) Maria', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Special Angel', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Light Year', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Ties', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Paddy Works on the Railroad', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'An theleis na me deis gampro', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Be My Love Again', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thrills', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love and Inity', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lean Back (feat. Lil Jon, Eminem, Mase & Remy Martin) - Remix', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We Both Reached For The Gun', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Get Started', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Next To You, Next To Me', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Never', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gone Country', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Red Like Roses (Red Trailer) [feat. Casey Lee Williams]', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Our Drummer Always Plays in the Nude', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Wicker Man - 2015 Remaster', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let It Bleed - Remastered 2019', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Mashed Potatoes', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Keeps You Runnin'', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nobody Knows You When You're Down and Out', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The One I Love', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Diversions, Op. 21: Variation 7, Badinerie', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back on the Road Again', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Half a Heart', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Lord's Prayer', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Only You Know And I Know', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flavor Of The Weak', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Uppercut', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lead', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Maybe I'm a Fool', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song '...And Justice for All (Remastered)', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Applause; BG Quartet Continues but Change Program - Live', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Really Got a Hold on Me', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dread In My Heart', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Riding With Private Malone', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rising of the Moon', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love U 4 Life', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jean Harlow', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Show Me The Way, My Brother (Iph'Indlela)', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Starship Trooper: Life Seeker - Single Version', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby Obey Me', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Having a Party', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All Of Me', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Got The Love - New Voyager Radio Edit', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stop to Start', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heaven's On Fire', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Know There's Something Going On', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All the Delights of the Season - Instrumental', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That Ain't The Way To Do It', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With Or Without You', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lovin' You', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sleep and Chill Rain', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Radio People', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song '25 Minutes to Go - Live at Folsom State Prison, Folsom, CA (2nd Show) - January 1968', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're So Good To Me - Remastered', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'First of the Year (Equinox)', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'So Long Eric', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Me Tender - From the 20th Century-Fox CinemaScope Production, "Love Me Tender"', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pilot of the Airwaves', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Darkness Within', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nox Fly Nox', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhythm Is A Dancer', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'And I Love You So', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Gas Face', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O Christmas Tree', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ease On Down The Road # 2', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mercury Blues', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do You Hear What I Hear', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Like.1 - Album Version (Edited)', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mother's Little Helper', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Dance With Me', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That's All for Everyone - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ladies In The '90s', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My First Impression of You (with Teddy Wilson & His Orchestra) - Take 4', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spicy (feat. Post Malone)', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sin In My Heart', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Quintet No. 2 in C Minor for Strings, K. 406 (515b): II. Andante', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Silly', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ishq Wala Love', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Fall In Love', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chain Gang', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For a Dancer - 2014 Remaster', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want Action', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Years Kisses', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Meanest Woman', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'And Away We Go!', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't Misbehavin' - Edit', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lord of the Rings', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Father Norman O'Connor Introduces Duke Ellington / Duke Introduces New Work, Pt. I, & Hamilton', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gotta Make It (feat. Twista)', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Love You', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Know She Still Loves Me', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Innerspace', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Playing With The Big Boys - The Prince Of Egypt/Soundtrack Version', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thinking of You', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cry Me A River', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweet Georgia Brown', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cotton Eyed Joe', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Took Advantage of Me', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jhar Uthechhe Baul Batas', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Wanna Be Your Fool', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto for Flute, Strings And Basso Continuo in C Major, BWV 1055: I. Allegro', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carry On - Live', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Climax (feat. 6lack)', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Southbound Train', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bitch Please II', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lover, Come Back To Me', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rush Hour', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Clap Hands! Here Comes Charlie - Live', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Is Life - Remastered 2014', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back to You', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sysyphus, Pt. 4', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Belong to Me', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Driving Away From Home (Jim's Tune)', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Won't Say (I'm In Love)', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look But You Can't Touch', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Distance (feat. Issa Gold & Erick The Architect)', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'They Want EFX', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crazy She Calls Me', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Am I Going', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Invitation To The Blues', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Dead Heart - 2007 Remastered', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Silly Love Song', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Needs a Heart - 2018 Remaster', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Just Snacking', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nothing Can Change This Love - Live at the Harlem Square Club, Miami, FL - January 1963', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'FRANCHISE (feat. Young Thug & M.I.A.)', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Ain't Necessarily So - live', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Really Doe', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hat And Beard', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Secret Journey', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Early Mornin' Rain', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That's the Way - Remaster', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hot Mess', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Curse of Curves', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Is It Raining At Your House', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Almost Over You', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'National Anthem', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Annie: A New Deal for Christmas', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In the Ghetto', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Fine Romance - Alternate Take', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh I Think Dey Like Me', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Settin' The Woods On Fire', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Change The Game', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Know What I Like - Remastered', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sock It to Me, Baby!', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Town', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nain Dore Se Bandh Liyo Chitchor', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're Good for Me', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mr Yunioshi', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Goddess Of Venus', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get Off Of My Cloud - Mono Version', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Know It's Over - Live in London, 1986; Extended Mix', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Stay', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Are You - Remastered', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Happy Halloween', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby, I'm Back', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Most Wonderful Day of the Year (Glee Cast Version)', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With a Little Love', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Irene, Goodnight', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mine Would Be You', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jesus on the Mainline', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brown Noise', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Born of a Broken Man', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pressure (feat. OhGeesy & Fenix Flexin)', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'MHB's', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas Will Be Just Another Lonely Day', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Last Remaining Light', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'April In Paris - Live at Sunset School, Carmel-by-the-Sea, CA, September 1955', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Wake Up', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On Top of the World, Alone', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Alright - Remastered', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gets Me Through', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rite of Spring (Scenes of Pagan Russia in two parts): Part One - Adoration of the Earth: The Augurs of Spring', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Profound Gass', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're My Everything', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Love Never Fails', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Method of Modern Love', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Main Title - The Terminator', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For Your Precious Love', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Worker', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Town', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Big Country', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Free (Heaven Helps the Man) - From "Footloose" Soundtrack', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doin' What She Likes', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Man in the Box', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tomorrow Is Today', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Our Lips Are Sealed', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Banned in D.C.', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We Don't Believe What's on TV', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down Hearted', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got No Time', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Some Bodies Gonna Get It (Mark Henry)', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'To Cut a Long Story Short - 2010 Remaster', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Held My Baby Last Night - Bonus Track', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scenes from an Italian Restaurant', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Billy Boy', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life Is What You Make It (feat. DMX)', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heart Of Glass - Special Mix', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Chain - 2002 Remaster', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down a Country Lane', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Man I Love (feat. Jason Aquila)', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Wish You Well - Remastered', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jueves', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Total Eclipse of the Heart', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Valses, Op. 69: No. 2 in B Minor', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Do Love You', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pink Turns to Blue', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Violets For Your Furs - Remastered', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Second Hand News - Sessions, Roughs & Outtakes; 2004 Remaster', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Ya Like Me Now', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Got to Move', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Meaningful Moment Through a Meaning(less) Process', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Personality', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Around the Riverbend - From "Pocahontas" / Soundtrack Version', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pete the Cat and His White Shoes (Story Song)', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Friday I’m In Love - Recorded at Spotify Studios NYC', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Season Of The Witch', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moment of Grace, Pt. 2', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dancing In The Street - Stereo', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Here It Goes Again', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hell Hound On My Trail', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lantern Marsh - Remastered 2004', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Creatures of Love', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shostakovich: Piano Concerto No. 2 in F Major, Op. 102: II. Andante', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brand New Man', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Suite No. 1: Coumbite', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Portrait', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who I Am', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's All About the Benjamins (feat. The Notorious B.I.G., Lil' Kim & the Lox) - Remix; 2014 Remaster', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If I Could Build My Whole World Around You', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blue Red - Instrumental', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crazy For Your Love', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For Emily, Whenever I May Find Her - Live in St. Louis, MO - November 1969', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Christmas', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Party For Two - Country Version With Intro', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Clairvoyant - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Queen And The Soldier', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Boot Karoon Main Polish Babu', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Above The Law', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Closer to Love', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Slippery People', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just in Time to See the Sun', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When The Spirit Of The Lord', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Great Romances Of The 20th Century', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song '24 Preludes, Op. 28: Prelude No. 8 in F-sharp minor', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Dogs of War', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We're Going All The Way', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Is There Room for Me', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want It All', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Therapy', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Think Twice, It's All Right - Live at LA Forum, Inglewood, CA - February 1974', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall - Live at Montreal Forum, Montreal, Quebec - December 1975', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Love That Will Last', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come As You Are', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Strong Arm of the Law - 2009 Remastered Version', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bridge Over Troubled Water', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Amazing Grace', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Cheap Seats', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hunger / Black Larsen and the Law', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All This And Heaven Too', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You'd Be So Nice To Come Home To - Remastered', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'English Rose', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got Rhythm (feat. Jason Aquila & Jodie Ricci)', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When It Rains It Pours', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O Little Town of Bethlehem', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dancing', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Do You Love - Live', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Leaving With Me', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Minor Mood', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Show Some Emotion', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song ''Round Midnight - Live at the Newport Jazz Festival, Newport, RI - July 1955', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nancy (With The Laughing Face)', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Look of Love', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Would Have Thought', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't Misbehavin'', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Symphony', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Afterlife', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'More Than A Woman - From "Saturday Night Fever" Soundtrack', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Red Roses (feat. Landon Cube)', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Skip To My Lou', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Street Scene: Lonely House', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Growing Old on Bleecker Street', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My House', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Puccini: Madama Butterfly, Act 2: "Povera Butterfly!" (Suzuki, Sharpless, Pinkerton)', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brother (feat. Gavin DeGraw)', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Think It's Going to Rain Today', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'enough', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Streets of London', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'They Say', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bye Bye Birdie - Original Broadway Cast: Honestly Sincere', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Miracle of Love - Remastered Version', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini, Op. 43: Var. XVIII, Andante cantabile', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pull Harder on the Strings of Your Martyr', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sharp Cutting Wings (Song to a Poet)', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goldberg Variations, BWV 988: Variation 17 a 2 Clav. - 1955 Version', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Reading From "Lady Sings The Blues" 4 - Live At Carnegie Hall,1956', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doin' it Right (feat. Panda Bear)', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Never Leave You (Uh Oooh, Uh Oooh) - Uh Oooh Remix', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Last Dance - Radio Edit', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For a Few Dollars More (Main Theme)', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walking Through My Dreams', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bringin' On The Heartbreak', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Magic Window', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Know Why', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Is Love?', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Trace McSorley', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sure Don't Miss You', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dead Man's Party - 1988 Boingo Alive Version', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pasion Oriental - Previously Unreleased Version', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nature Boy', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas Child', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Clear Spot', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Wish I Was', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whatcha Gonna Do? - Witmark Demo - 1963', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Exodus - Live At Ahoy Hallen/1978', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The touch of your lips', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas Alphabet', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sometimes She Will', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Incidental CB Dialogue - Bandit & Snowman', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'High Hopes (with Jimmy Joyce & His Children's Chorus)', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Years', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need a Girl', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nights In White Satin - BBC Dave Symonds Session', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song ''Til They Take My Heart Away', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Do You Go', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bob the Bob', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Around the World (La La La La La) - Radio Version', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scars - 2004 Remaster', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All Out of Love', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'As Tears Go By', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goldberg Variations, BWV 988: Aria', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Climb Ev'ry Mountain', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hips Don't Lie (feat. Wyclef Jean)', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cloudburst Flight', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blues Stay Away From Me', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Acid Queen', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shots', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All We Know', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Wizard And I - From "Wicked" Original Broadway Cast Recording/2003', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jean Harlow', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Swan of Tuonela, Op. 22, No. 3', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Davy's On The Road Again', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Going To Hell', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'J'irai où tu iras (with Jean-Jacques Goldman)', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mystified - 2017 Remaster', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's All Right with Me - Original Edited Concert - Live at Sunset School, Carmel-by-the-Sea, CA, September 1955', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mary, Don't You Weep - Live at New Temple Missionary Baptist Church, Los Angeles, January 14, 1972', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All or Nothing', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song '12 Études, Op. 10: No. 11 in E-Flat Major "Arpeggio"', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My One And Only Love', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Green Grass & High Tides - Remastered', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crazy - Live at Harrah's Casino, Lake Tahoe, NV - April 1978', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Time Boys - Remastered', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's My Age Again?', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Talk Back Trembling Lips', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Evil Is Going On', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Follow You Down - Edit', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If You Don't', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Easy Does It', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Satin', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Make Love Tonight', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Born This Way', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wham Rap! (Enjoy What You Do?)', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come A Little Closer', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Promise You Made', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lush Rain', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Turn to You', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Candy Everybody Wants', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moments Like This', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sonata in D Major, L. 465', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Billy the Kid - Piano Arrangement (Remastered): II. Street Scene in a Frontier Town: a) Cowboys amble by', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nammithinamma', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In Those Jeans', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Amor Amor Amor', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Perfection - Remastered 2010', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need A Lover', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bring Me Back to Life', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Haydn: Cello Concerto No. 1 in C Major, Hob. VIIb, 1: I. Moderato (Cadenza by Britten)', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tangled up in You', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In the Name of Tragedy', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Darkness on the Edge of Town', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Passing Through A Screen Door', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Paint It, Black - (Original Single Mono Version)', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'April In Paris', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Flower Is A Lovesome Thing', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Life Is A Song (Let's Sing It Together)', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lay Your Hands On Me', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We Got Each Other', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shoot Your Shot', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Photograph', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Have You Seen the Stars Tonite', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Easy To Remember - Take 11', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Country Road - 2019 Remaster', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rockestra Theme - Remastered 1993', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It All Started With a Beer - Single Version', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Willow Weep For Me - Live At The Newport Jazz Festival,1957', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wish You Were Here - Live', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Far Away Heart', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bloodbath in Paradise', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carry Me Home', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Pearls', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What I'm Here 4', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Always Like This', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dallas 1PM - 2009 Remastered Version', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Water Boy', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Miss You', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(I Love You) For Sentimental Reasons - 1998 Digital Remaster', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Traffic In The Sky', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ride Through the Country (feat. John Michael Montgomery)', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Morning: Another Morning - Remastered 2017', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweet Charity: Baby, Dream Your Dream', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Game', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Comes But Once', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Know Enough About You', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Queen - Live', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hold On, We're Going Home', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scarborough Fair / Canticle', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't I'm a Dog', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Is Success - 2008 Remaster', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Glad To Be Unhappy - Remastered', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jealous Lover', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Foolish Heart', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On The Sunny Side Of The Street - Live', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ballad of the Spirits', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stand By Me', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Bartered Bride, JB 1:100: Jenik's Aria', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down By the Sea', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Are You?', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Peace Frog / Blue Sunday', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Forever by Your Side', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Is It', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Country Roads', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh Bess, O Where's My Bess - Live at Music Inn', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'shining on my ex', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto in D Minor for Two Violins, BWV 1043: Vivace', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do for the Others', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down with the Sickness', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scrapple From The Apple', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Different World', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Picture Of Dorian Gray', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Never Rains (In Southern California)', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cave Bitch - Remastered', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Grandpa (Tell Me 'Bout The Good Old Days)', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 9 in C Major, D. 944 "Great": II. Andante con moto', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sonata No.14 in C#m (Moonlight Sonata) - 2006 Remaster', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Father And The Son And The Holy Ghost', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Never Been In Love Before - (from the musical "Guys and Dolls")', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh My Love - Main Theme', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brothers', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas Eve Montage', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Spring - From “The Song Of Bernadette”', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Won't Tell', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Get Started - Take 2', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Love My Man (with The All-Star Jam Band)', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'At Sundown', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Time and a Word - 2003 Remaster', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Dream', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Real Live Girl', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Best of My Love - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Samba Pa Ti (Thru Every Step In Life U Find Freedom From Within) Dedicated 2 Carlos', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That's Why (I Love You So)', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Johnny & June', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Call It What You Want', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Glad and Sorry', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The World is Waiting', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got To Have It', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hero Worship', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ultimate - From "Freaky Friday"/Soundtrack Version', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How High The Moon - Live at the Deutschlandhalle, Berlin, 1960', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dear Prudence - Remastered 2009', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'History Of Us', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Variations on a Waltz by Diabelli, Op. 120: Variation 29: Adagio ma non troppo', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Redneck Mother', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Is Absolution', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How I Move (feat. Lil Baby)', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Do Love You', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Te Necesito', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'happy hour', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That's What I Like', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Princesses Don't Cry', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fireproof', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rebel Music - Live At Ahoy Hallen/1978', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Soldier's Tale, Suite No. 2: II. The Soldier's Violin', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blind Justice', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Rush (feat. DaBaby)', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Breakin' My Heart (Pretty Brown Eyes)', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let Me Know If It's Over', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sit Down I Think I Love You', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas Memories', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Runnin' with the Devil - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Get Started', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Girl Crush - Recorded at Metropolis Studios, London', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Thrill Is Gone', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Play Something We Know', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cross My Heart', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ballade No. 3 in A-Flat Major, Op. 47 - Remastered', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jailhouse', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brandenburg Concerto No. 4 in G Major, BWV 1049: I. Allegro', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Every Rose Has Its Thorn', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Til The Day I Die', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'And I Love Her', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Visit (She Was Here)', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stranger Than Fiction', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heat Of The Moment', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In A Dream - Original Mix', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Satisfied', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Wizard's Exposé / Emerald City Graduation Exercises - Extended Version', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nobody Knows You When You're Down and Out - Acoustic; Live at MTV Unplugged, Bray Film Studios, Windsor, England, UK, 1/16/1992; 2013 Remaster', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Leap Frog - Take 3 / Incomplete', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rock 'N' Roll All Nite - Live', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Holy Ground', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Static Age', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Misterioso - Live At The Five Spot / August 7, 1958', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hibernation - Live at San Antonio Convention Center, San Antonio, TX - July 1976', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Should Have Seen the Way He Looked at Me', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Circus for a Psycho', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Fishes', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need You Now', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Know You See It (feat. Brandy "Ms. B" Hambrick)', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Le sacre du printemps: Part 2 "The Sacrifice", Glorification of the Chosen One', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Heard Her Call My Name', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Focus (feat. 21 Savage)', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song '2nd Thought - 2003 Digital Remaster', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Wanna Be An Asshole Anymore', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Maria', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny: Havana-Lied', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Mountain', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Piano In The Dark', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Be With Me - Remastered 2001', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Emily', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Vibrations (Mono)', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'West Side Story: Overture', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cocoon', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lily Of The Valley - Remastered 2011', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heartbreak Road', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Been a Long, Long Time', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Springtime', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Wait', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Easy to Remember', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shanghai Nights', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tasnife Sheydaye Giti', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Every Day I Have The Blues', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Know What I Mean? - (Take 12)', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Train', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'As We Lay', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Juice A Plenty', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Could Be Happy', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can’t Help Falling In Love - Live At Daytrotter', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walk Away - Original Version', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nothing I Can Do About It Now', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm The One Who Knows', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Superstition - Live', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Haydn: String Quartet No. 59 in G Minor, Op. 74 No. 3, Hob. III, 74, "The Horseman": I. Allegro', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Monday Date', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nice Girls Don't Stay For Breakfast', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Reverie', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'To The Stars - Dragonheart/Soundtrack Version', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Nightclub', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Someone To Give My Love To', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Creator', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She's A Sweet One', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'King of the Road', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Be Encouraged', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Really Want to Know You - Remastered Version', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kinky Sex Makes the World Go 'Round', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Madman Across The Water', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Space Cowboy', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Town', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Collaboration', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For Me', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Real Gone Kid', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Take Me Alive', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song '6 Foot 7 Foot - Edited Version', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Iris', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song '12 Études, Op. 25: No. 2 in F Minor "The Bees"', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fancy', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Night Tide', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Cross the River', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Reflection - From "Mulan" / Soundtrack Version', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Here My Love', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got The Blues - 2009 Mix', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Save Up All Your Tears', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stay - 2016 Remaster', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scene One - James Dean & Audrey Hepburn', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Hell Of It', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Got To Be Love - Live At Mister Kelly's, Chicago/1957 / Take 1', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Edge Of Destruction', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Something In Common', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In My Head', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'London Leatherboys', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shoe Shine Boy (Alternate Take)', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For You', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Ghost Of Smokey Joe', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Momma Miss America - Remastered 2011', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nether Lands', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who You Say I Am - Live', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Dream In the Moonlight (with Teddy Wilson & His Orchestra) - Take 1', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Easy To Remember', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Barstool Mountain', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Way Back When', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who by Fire', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She's Got Her Ticket', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Way I Are', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Second Chance', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Windmills of Your Mind', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Time Ain't Long', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Know No Better', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ghost Man On Third', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Running With Scissors', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Voice', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Litty (feat. Tory Lanez)', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Build A Stairway To Paradise', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Evil Woman', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Christmas Time / Sleep Well, Little Children', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Forever's as Far as I'll Go', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'He Reigns / Awesome God', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rite of Spring (Scenes of Pagan Russia in Two Parts): The Augurs of Spring', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Beethoven: The 32 Variations in C Minor', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Just Can't Wait to Be King', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lily Of The Valley', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can Walk On Water', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Walked In', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song '2000 Light Years From Home - Remastered 2017 / Stereo', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'William Tell Overture', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fancy', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goodbye-Goodbye - Boingo Alive Version', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doing It Wrong', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Magic Is the Moonlight (Te Quiero Dijiste)', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Contact the Fact', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Last Night', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Them Changes', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Show Business', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto for Piano and Orchestra No. 14 in E-Flat Major, K. 449: III. Allegro ma non troppo', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Trinity: titoli', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Face to the Floor', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Red Beans - Remastered', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kainoyrgia logia moy'rthane', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Colours - 2016 Remaster', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Into the West', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cheap Thrills (feat. Sean Paul)', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scarborough Fair', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That's Where the Happy People Go', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Think For Yourself - Remastered 2009', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No More Mr. Nice Guy', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Never Let Me Down Again - BBC Session', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A New Kind of Man - With a New Kind of Love', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down in the Bottom', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Breaking The Silence - Remastered 2003', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Isn't It Romantic?', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Living All Alone - Remastered', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Games of Magic', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rover (feat. DTG)', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Long Time Gone', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ballade No. 4 in F Minor, Op. 52', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Christmas', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sock It to Me, Baby!', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dedicated', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas Is The Time To Say "I Love You"', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Finally', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hair Of The Dog', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sleep On The Floor', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wasted Time', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look Up (To See What's Coming Down)', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Icy Titties', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'May We All', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Art of the Fugue, BWV 1080: Contrapunctus I - Excerpts', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For You', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Some Will Seek Forgiveness, Others Escape', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tell Me What I Gotta Do', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am The Black Wizards', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song '21 Hungarian Dances, WoO 1: No. 13 in D Major (Orch. Parlow) - Remastered', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kind Hearted Woman Blues', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Break the Ice', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Devil Behind Me', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Saint of Circumstance - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The End Of A Love Affair', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Be Kind to Me', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On My Way Home to You', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Heart Skips A Beat', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stars On 45 - Original 12-Inch Version', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ballad in Plain D', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dilemma (feat. Kelly Rowland)', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Childhood (Theme from "Free Willy 2")', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Prelude in B-Flat Minor, Op. 11, No. 16: Misterioso - Remastered', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There's Frost On The Moon', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bold as Love - Live at the Nokia Theatre, Los Angeles, CA - December 2007', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sad Nibba Hours', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Swear This Time I Mean It', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stormy Monday Blues', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blame It On My Youth - Remastered', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tombstone Shadow - Live', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Red Rooster', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Is Hardcore - Original Version', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Toast', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Side 2 Side (feat. Bow Wow & Project Pat)', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All Through the Night', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am...I Said - Live At The Greek Theatre, Los Angeles/1972', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'While My Guitar Gently Weeps', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eat You Alive', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's On', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pickin' On Your Baby', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look into the Sun - 2001 Remaster', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Did It For The Girl', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Find U Again (feat. Camila Cabello)', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Somewhere In Time (End Credits)', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If Leaving Me Is Easy - Live', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Peg O' My Heart 33304-A', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Even If My Heart Would Break', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Genius After Hours', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Diversions, Op. 21: Variation 3, March', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ray's Idea', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 2 in D Major, Op. 36: IV. Allegro molto', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Skinny Sweaty Man', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tempted to Touch', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Death of Emmett Till - Witmark Demo - 1962', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Facade for Reciter and Orchestra (Poems by Edith Sitwell): When Sir Beelzebub', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pop Thieves (Make It Feel Good)', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Space Oddity - Live', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'End Credits - From "Pride & Prejudice" Soundtrack', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carrying the Banner', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Violin Concerto in A Minor, Op. 82: IV. Allegro', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band - Remastered 2009', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Congratulations', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Be Like That - feat. Swae Lee & Khalid', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When It's Sleepy Time Down South', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Five O'Clock World', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Power and the Glory - 2009 Remastered Version', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With a Smile and a Song (with Jimmy Joyce & His Children's Chorus)', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Screamager', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There Are Eyes', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Won't Go Home Without You', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Bakery', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'So Satisfied', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hard Time Killing Floor Blues', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Couldn't Change Me', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blast If I Have To', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brand New Day - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Big Mouth', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lather', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On The Sunny Side Of The Street', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song '10:15 Saturday Night - 2005 Remaster', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carrying the Banner', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tops - Remastered', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Girl Is Mine (with Paul McCartney)', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'From A Jack To A King', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Bowling Song', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Peter Pan (Remastered): Who Am I?', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Far Down Can I Go', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Northern Lights', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's Going On In Your World', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Boys - Summertime Love', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Worth Dying For', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If We Never Needed The Lord Before (We Sure Do Need Him Now)', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's the Same Old Shillelegh', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Sheep', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto for 2 Violins in D Minor, BWV 1043: III. Allegro', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Magic Islands', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got You (I Feel Good) - 1964 Version', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bitch Better Have My Money', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One O'Clock Jump', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Exit Music - For a Film', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lonely If You Are', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'House Of 1000 Corpses', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For Judy', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'From the Dining Table', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Year's Love', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Appalachian Spring: III. Moderato', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tonight, Tonight - Remastered 2012', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gently', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Ballad of Boot Hill', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Lonely Surfer', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lean Back', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In Love', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Only Child', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jump For Joy', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Criminal Kind', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'He's Funny That Way', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Way I Am', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come and Get It', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Your Love The Most', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Obscured by Clouds', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fish On (Fisherman Chronicles, Chapter II)', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Morning Theft', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There Goes My Heart', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In Case', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Magic (feat. Rivers Cuomo)', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You'd Be So Easy to Love', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Sweetest Pain', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song '24 Hrs. to Live (feat. The Lox, Black Rob & DMX)', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweet Music Man', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Head Hunter', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Snow Medley: The First Snow Fall/ Let It Snow, Let It Snow, Let It Snow', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Are Everything', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Easy Living', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hitchin' a Ride', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Song of Friendship', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On The Sunny Side Of The Street - Live', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hot Nights - Original Mix', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Don't I - Rudy Van Gelder Edition/1999 Remaster/24 Bit Mastering', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'this girl', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Giant Steps - Alternate Version, Take 1, Incomplete', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In Waves', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gypsy: Rose's Turn', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Is Like A Rock', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Wee Bit O'Green - Rudy Van Gelder Edition / Remastered 2009', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Headlock', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Punching In A Dream', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Think We're Alone Now', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Escape From The City ...for City Escape', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Incomplete', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The More I See You', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Please Be With Me', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heart of Mine', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ballet Music from Faust: I. Dance of the Nubian Slaves (Allegretto - Tempo di valse)', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 39 in E-Flat Major, K. 543: IV. Finale. Allegro', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pure And Easy', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song '#9 Dream - Remastered 2010', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Old Toy Trains - Single Version', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Here's That Rainy Day', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Is Why I'm Hot', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Is This Generation Coming To?', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am What I Am', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Is That She Got - Live At Mr. Kelly's/1971', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Haydn: String Quartet No. 1 in B-Flat Major, Op. 1 No. 1, Hob. III, 1, "La chasse": III. Adagio', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Then Came the Last Days of May', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The First Cut Is the Deepest', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goodnight My Love', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Candy's Room - Live at Meadowlands Arena, E. Rutherford, NJ - July 1981', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'People Need The Lord', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tomorrow's Gonna Be a Brighter Day', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Word on a Wing - 2016 Remaster', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Someone I Know', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pulled Up - 2005 Remaster', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Hit The Nail On The Head', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Is the Sun?', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lunch Break: Peak Hour', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goldberg Variations, BWV 988: Variation VIII', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(There You Go) Tellin' Me No Again', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Music, Music, Music', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 3 in E-Flat Major, Op. 97 "Rhenish": IV. Feierlich', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Would You', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dirty Love', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Keyboard Concerto in D Minor, BWV 1052: I. Allegro', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Barbecue', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Wants To Live Forever', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 4 in B-Flat Major, Op. 60: I. Adagio - Allegro vivace', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Matchbox', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'StaggerLee Has His Day at the Beach', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll See You Again - Remastered', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'These Days', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'People Make The World Go Round', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Was Born in Virginia', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Some Kind of Wonderful', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Only Boy Awake', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Perfect People', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Another Victim', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Precious Life (Instrumental)', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The White Stuff', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Going In Circles', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brave as a Noun', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Memory Gongs', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Finally Found Someone (feat. Bryan Adams)', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'd Like To Walk Around In Your Mind', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song '100 Shots', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'To Hell & Back', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Never Dance Again', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Night of Love (From "One Night of Love")', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shock On The Tube (Don't Want Love)', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Limit REMIX (feat. A$AP Rocky, French Montana, Juicy J & Belly)', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Just Want to Make Love to You - 2016 Remaster', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Play for You', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scissor Man - 2001 Digital Remaster', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Synthetic', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Should I', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brighter Than The Sun', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Best Years of His Life', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Should Have Known Better - Remastered 2009', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Idol Temple', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Farther Along', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do I Worry?', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Killing Me Softly With His Song', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back In Blood (feat. Lil Durk)', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blues For Me', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Something's Coming', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dance Me to the End of Love (Bonus) - Bonus Track', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Know Why', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stop Messin' Round - Bonus Track: Take 1 - False Start', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweet Thing - 2016 Remaster', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Only You (feat. The Notorious B.I.G. & Mase) - Bad Boy Remix', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby I'm Yours', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Charlie Parker (with Steve Allen)', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Call It Dreaming', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Not Exactly', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 2 in C Minor "Resurrection": V. Finale. Im Tempo des Scherzos', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Nutcracker, Op. 71 - Divertissement: Mother Gigogne and the Clowns', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'House Fire', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How I Could Just Kill a Man', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With Love', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Saving Grace', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're The Reason I'm Living', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Daily Planet - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Etude No. 4 in C-Sharp Minor, Op. 10, No. 4 (Remastered)', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wait for the Moment', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One of These Days', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 40 in G Minor, K. 550: I. Molto Allegro - 1999 Remsatered', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hearts on Fire - Remastered Version', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For The Good Times', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How To Fly', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're a Grand Old Flag', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In Love on Christmas', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Southside Da Realist - Original', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Said She Said - Remastered 2009', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hungarian Rhapsody No. 12 in C-Sharp Minor, S. 244 / 12', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Take The Girl', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want to Live', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Lord's Prayer', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhythm Devils - Live; 2008 Remaster', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Gospel Truth III', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Is the Place', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Pts. 6-9)', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Love Stand', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whiskey Bent And Hell Bound', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What You Need', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Whiter Shade of Pale', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hell Is For Children', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Marusha (feat. Uzory)', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everywhere', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Without You', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Way You Move (feat. Sleepy Brown)', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Wishing / One Song - From "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"/Soundtrack Version', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brahms, Johannes: First Symphony, Part 2', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Motown Song (with The Temptations)', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hopi: Butterfly Dance', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Swamp Thing', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Here I Am - End Title', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Never Had A Dream Come True', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Introduction & Tarantella, Op. 43 (Live)', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'May We All', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Piano Concerto No. 2 in B-Flat Major, Op. 83: III. Andante', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chopin: Impromptu No. 2 in F-Sharp Major, Op. 36', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thank You For Loving Me', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Be My Love (From "The Toast of New Orleans")', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Are the Pan', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Somewhere On Fullerton', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The First Noel', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goodbye Cruel World', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Gold Song', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Since I Fell for You - Original Mix', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Easy To Remember', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want to Be Your Man - Remastered Version', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Line for Lyons - Live', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Cried For You - Live At Carnegie Hall,1956', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Man I Think I Love Her', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nice Work If You Can Get It', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bad To The Bone', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Because It's Love', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'comfort ye my people', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In My Head', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Swingin Party', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby, Look At You', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Only You Know And I Know', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're Getting To Be A Habit With Me', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Own Time (I'll Do What I Want)', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nate', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everything I Need', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ol' English', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Got a Love for You - Hurley's House Mix', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Lines (Don't Do It) [feat. Melle Mel & Grandmaster Flash & the Furious Five]', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Have a Song to Sing, O!', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'World Weary', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Recalling Winter', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't Misbehavin' (Live) - 1996 Remastered', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When the Sun Goes Down', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How About Me', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Red River Valley', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I X Love - Long Version', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lonely Women Make Good Lovers', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song ''Tain't Nobody's Biz-Ness If I Do', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do You Wanna Hold Me?', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Young Lovers', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Memory', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're So Good to Me (Mono)', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Doctor', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Christmas Waltz', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Guts, No Glory', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Secret Lover', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eastern Market', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Little Heaven's Rubbing Off On Me', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You'll Never Never Know', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Anthropology (Take 1)', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'World, Hold On', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Gonna Move Right In', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Long Black Veil - Live at Continental Airlines Arena, East Rutherford, NJ - September 1999', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can You Hold Me', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The First Noël', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When They Ring The Golden Bell', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One For My Baby (And One More For The Road)', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Be Seeing You', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scene Eight: The Spirit Carries On', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Smile With Me At Me', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song '5 O'Clock Whistle', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Blow My Mind (Dudley Stage)', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just Kickin' It', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cotton Candy Land', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Complete', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dead And Gone', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song '9.5.-N.A.S.T.Y.', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Line Em Up (feat. Busta Rhymes)', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Year's Kisses (Reprise)', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crimson Ship - Remastered 2010', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up With the Lark (Carroll Gibbons)', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look, Back & Laugh', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Drip or Drown', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Calling All the Monsters', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Twilight Of The Thunder God', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'American Girl', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song '14. I am the very model of a modern Major-General', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O Little Town Of Bethlehem / When You Wish Upon A Star Medley', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Christmas Is Coming', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wicked Gravity', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Time (feat. Gunna)', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goldberg Variations, BWV 988: Variation 5 a 1 ovvero 2 Clav.', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The New Symphony Sid', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What You Mean to Me', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Rock My World - Radio Edit', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pretty Girls', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Midnight on the Run', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nocturne in E-Flat Major, Op. 9 No. 2', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Joy to the World / I Saw Three Ships / We Three Kings of Orient Are / O Little Town of Bethlehem', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Le sacre du printemps: Part 1 "Adoration of the Earth", Ritual of Abduction', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Must Be the Place (Naive Melody) - Live', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Man Who Has Everything', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Wish You Love', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Double Dutch Bus - Radio Edit', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Only Because', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Sounds of Silence', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sick Boys', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Place Like London', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stir It Up', in the style of Instrumental.
